# hanasel.github.io

<h1>Campus Cats Website</h1>

The concept behind the website is to create a page for a video that a classmate and I created during Communications Lab class. The video assignment was to shoot and edit a 1.5 minute video in 30 minutes. We came up with the idea of filming the campus cats at our university (New York University Abu Dhabi). We made the video humorous through adding captions and dramatic sounds. This website houses the video, has information on the creators and why we created the video, and features a photo carousel - which when clicked upon changes the photo to show a different video highlight. There is also a navigation bar at the very top which quickly scrolls to the chosen section. These features are all at the forefront of a decorated website with many cute kitten-related graphics and pleasing colors to complement the theme of adorable cats. I would recommend to scroll through the website at first because it is divided into cool sections which are more visible when scrolling slowly, and if you need to get to a section quickly then click on the navigation bar.

I initially created a basic wireframe of the website, which included the necessary features and had the basic idea of having only one page and getting to the different sections through scrolling. Then I started coding, following the basic structure as decided in the wireframe. While experimenting with different layouts, playing with the colors and images, and referring a lot to w3schools.com to learn all about new features, I managed to land on a layout and design which I really enjoy and believe fits very well with the theme of the video and cats in general. For some of the graphics I used images from the internet (https://i.pinimg.com/originals/9c/6f/77/9c6f7715941fe9674c1e4e66f0f20a0c.png) and edited them to fit the website.

The wireframe looks quite similar to what I accomplished at the end. This is mainly because I intentionally kept my wireframe very simple - only including features and keeping the aesthetics to a bare minimum because I am a spontaneous designer when it comes to aesthetics. In my wireframe there is a header, a navigation bar, a video frame, text boxes entitled "Who are we?" and "Our Mission" and a photo carousel featuring movie highlights. My final website has all of these, although the layout ended up being slightly different because of what looked best at the end. With more time passing I was making more and more aesthetic changes until I landed on this final layout and look. In conclusion, I had the right idea of keeping my wireframe very simple and only listing the features, because at the end I ended up staying very true to the wireframe, which gave me more time to focus on the aesthetics of the website.
